# HOA Simulator

A simulation game that allows you to play as a member of the neighborhood Homeowner Association. Your goal is to improve your property value and help your neighbors to follow the rules of the HOA.

Help your neighbors by making sure that their lawns are mowed to the correct height, and that they don't plant unqualified vegetables in their gardens. Get elected to the board so that you can pass new rules and guidelines to improve the value of your ~~bank acco~~ neighborhood.

## Basic Concepts

The neighborhood consists of a collection of Properties which are owned by Owners. Properties have attribute such as square footage, value, grass height, etc. Owners have various stats that control their behavior and reaction to the activities that the player takes.

The basic goal of the game is to pay off your own mortgage while increasing your property's value. Exit conditions include being foreclosed, cashing out (even), selling at a profit, etc. The best possible win condition is to sell at 2-times or more your mortgage value while causing all other property values to tank.

## Building

The program files can be generated by running `gulp build` (Ctrl-Shift-B in VS Code). This produces a bin folder, suitable for launching in Electron. Should you wish to build a distributable package, run `gulp package`. This produces a release folder containing zip files containing HOASim executables for Mac, Windows, and Linux.

## Testing

The backend game module can be tested by running `gulp test`. This will compile and run any unit tests inside the test-backend folder.

## Debugging

Launch tasks are provided for VS Code that will let you easily debug the tests and the program running in Electron itself.